(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] It's time for the last challenge.
In this challenge,
you will get some practice working in SwaggerHub
and defining secure API operations.
To complete the challenge,
you'll need to import the blog API definition
into SwaggerHub and publish it.
Next, create a new version of the API definition
that secures the POST operation
that allows new articles to be created.
Since this capability allows articles
to be created and published,
it should be protected.
When defining the security,
use an API key-based security scheme.
Once the new version has the security scheme applied,
publish the new definition.
This challenge should take you about 10 minutes to complete.
In the next video, you will see my solution.
Good luck.